# London-Bike-Sharing-Dataset

# Introduction 

This project aims at using data to predict the bike sharing demand in city of London. Now, in order to cut down on traffic, cities like London and NY have started taxing cars that enter the city thus paving the way for public to explore other forms of transportation like Zipcar, Bird, Lime and a variety of ebikes or bike shares. The attributes related to the bike share help us better understand the data and make predictions about the demand. By analysing the data, we can make our model to identify the demand of the bikes based on the season as well as the weather. Some other attributes that can have an impact on the demand of the bike share rentals can include geographic location of the rentals, festivals, dates of city events such as concerts, games etc. In this part of the project paper focusing logistic regression and random forests models. Logistic regression is basically used for estimating different parameters and predicting whether the given statement is a true or a false statement, while performing logistic regression model we need to label the parameters as 0 and 1. Here, 0 can be labelled as false and 1 can be labelled as true. Random forests model basically works on multiple decision trees and then finally comes up with its own output. Here, it doesn’t select all the data points but selects it randomly to perform test. Further, we will be having a look at the analysis. 

# Conlusion 

In this project paper we learnt about logistic regression and random forests modals. Also, we learnt about making prediction between two parameters using logistic regression tool by assigning labels 0 and 1 to predict whether the statement is true or false. In this paper we also focused on comparing two modals i.e. Logistic regression and random forests modals. The accuracy of Logistic regression model is 71% while the accuracy of the random forest’s modal is 79%. Now, after compared the accuracies of both the modals and can conclude that random forests modal is more efficient than the Logistic regression modal. Finally, we can conclude that the least affected parameter is holiday, which means that even if there is a holiday it won’t affect the number of rental bikes. 
